Negative Acknowledgement (#121)
eclipse/microprofile-reactive-messaging: spec/src/main/asciidoc/architecture.asciidoc

        return null;                                // <3>
    }

    if (s.equalsIgnoreCase("c")) {
        CompletableFuture<String> cf = new CompletableFuture<>();
        cf.completeExceptionally(new IllegalArgumentException("c"));  // <4>
        return cf;
    }
    return CompletableFuture.completedFuture(s.toUpperCase());
}
----
1. `POST_PROCESSING` is the default strategy for this signature
2. throwing an exception _nacks_ the incoming message
3. returning `null` nacks the incoming message, as it's illegal to return `null` as `CompletionStage`
4. returning a `CompletionStage` failed exceptionally also nacks the incoming message

If the method receives a single `Message`, the user is responsible for calling the `nack` function:

[source, java]
----
@Incoming("data")
@Outgoing("out")
public Message<String> process(Message<String> m) {  // <1>
    String s = m.getPayload();
    if (s.equalsIgnoreCase("b")) {
        // we cannot fail, we must nack explicitly.
        m.nack(new IllegalArgumentException("b"));  // <2>
        return null;
    }
    return m.withPayload(s.toUpperCase());
}
----
1. `MANUAL` is the default strategy for this signature

> 2. throwing an exception would not _nack_ the message, as it may have already been explicetely _acked_ or _nacked_, before the exception happens, so the user must call the `nack` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. throwing an exception would not _nack_ the message, as it may have already been explicitly _acked_ or _nacked_. Before the exception happens, the user must call the `nack` method.
```
